# 6.2.0.9

## Major Changes

### Lots of Events Changes

[See discord changelog for event system here](https://discord.com/channels/942378696415797298/942378854486528011/1334375445457666090)

### Control Panel Component System Overhaul

The shop control panel system has been overhaul to separate it into different classes. This allows third-party
plugins to add additional components to the control panel easily. There was also an added event, ControlComponentGenerateEvent,
which is called PRE, MAIN, and POST of a ControlComponent being generated. The MAIN phase supports changing
the ControlComponent object with a custom one that will replace the original during control panel sending.

### Introduction of the Revamped Packet System
1. **About**:
    - A modular and scalable system for managing packets related to virtual display items in Minecraft.
    - Supports both ProtocolLib and PacketEvents libraries for greater flexibility.

2. **Custom Packet Factories**:
    - Modular implementation of `PacketFactory` for game versions 1.20.x and 1.21.x.
    - Packet types:
        - **Spawn Packet**: Spawns a virtual item entity at a specific location.
        - **Metadata Packet**: Updates the visual properties of virtual items.
        - **Velocity Packet**: Adds motion/velocity to entities (currently optional).
        - **Destroy Packet**: Removes the entity from the client view.

4. **Error Handling and Logging**:
    - Enhanced debug logs to trace packet-related issues.
    - Detailed error messages for missing factories or unregistered listeners.

#### Improvements:
- Better modular design to facilitate support for future Minecraft versions.

#### Deprecations:
- Legacy packet handling mechanisms replaced with this new Packet System.

## Minor Changes

## Config Changes
- added shop.control-panel to control what components of the text control panel are enabled.
- added shop.sign-wax to control if the shop sign is waxed or not, default is false.

## Fixes
- readded the /qs history permissions to the default quickshop.player
- fixed issue where some folks wouldn't have the encoded db column
- fixed issue where pistons would move shulker shops.
- fixed issue where colored shulkers could be bought and put inside non-colored shulker

## Version Changes
- Removed support for 1.18 and 1.19. These versions had minimal usage.